1)Potential Energy Surface calculation done earlier with DFT.
2)Very computationally expensive
3)So, emperical potentials were used
4)But guessing of correct functional form is often difficult and sometimes wrong for application
5)These were inspirations to try approximation with NN
6)Some disadvantages of NN-based method are:
	i)Weights of input layers are usually different for different neurons. This means that order of coordinates of atomic configuration 		  provided will affect final Potential Energy even if the atoms are of the same type which should not in reality be the case.
	ii)Neural networks have a fixed input dimension. Therefore, if 2 systems have different number of atoms, the same network cannot be 		   used for both and infact architecture will have to be changed.
7)This method makes use of the fact that the total energy can be represented as the sum of individual contributions of atoms.
8)A new type of symmetry function was used.
  i)The symmetry function value of an atom represents the local environment around that atom that determines its energy.
  ii)Two atoms with the same local environment will lead to the same set of symmetry function values.
  iii)Symmetry function values must be invariant of rotation or translation of system.
  iv)Symmetry function values must be independent of coordination number of atoms. 
9)The cutoff function is zero for values of interatomic distance greater than a cutoff value Rc and non zero for all other values of        	interatomic distance. In this paper a cutoff value of 6A is used.
10)Input size was 64 atoms. So, 64 atomic environments were calculated.
11)9000 DFT calculations were used out of which 8200 were used to train the NN and 800 as test set.
12)Starting with experimentally obtained data, neural networks with different numbers of layers/nodes were used to try and fit the data.
   The best fits were used to once again calculate representative structures using monte carlo methods. If the RMSE was more than the error of 	  the fit, then the representative structures generated by the best fits were added to the training set. This process was repeated until the 	 loss condition was satisfied.
13)Subnets typically had 2 hidden layers and 40 nodes per layer.
14)NN was tested by using it to plot energy vs volume for different crystal structures of silicon.(Was in agreement with DFT calculated plots 	 and emperical potential calculated plots)
15)Almost 5 times faster than DFT calculations for 64 atom system.
16)Long distance forces between atoms are not being considered in this implementation because of the low cutoff distance.(Can be increased to 	 accomodate for long distance interactions as well) 
